# DoctorApp

Telesomnia is a program designed to offer an easier way to monitor patients’ seizures from home using a wearable device. TSApp is mainly intended for patients suffering from epileptic seizures triggered by sleep disorders.This program provides an easy way to monitor patients regularly from their home, so that you can receive the biosignals (EMG and ECG) recorded from the patient.

**HOW TO USE**

To use TSApp you need to use a java development environment

**1. Introduce your IP address**:
To start using TSApp you need to introduce the IP of your PC. To know the IP of your PC, you need to follow these steps: 

  1. Click on the Windows icon and access the Terminal of your PC.
  2. Introduce the command >ipconfig /all 
  3. You can find your IP address in the section “Adaptador de LAN inalámbrica Wi-Fi”, in “Dirección IPv4”.

**2. Register**

This register will include the following information:

- Name 

- Surname 

- Email 

- Username 

- Password 

*Username and passwords will be automatically generated by the program. 

There is a default administrator that has a default username and password “admin” in both cases. This is a user with the role of a doctor created by default to start entering data into the database. 

**3. Log In**

Introduce your username and password to enter your personal profile and access the main page. Your username and password will be provided after the register, make sure you keep it in a safe place.

**4. Main Page**

In the main page you will find a menu containing the following options: 

- **Register a new doctor:** used to introduce new doctors into the database. Doctors can register other doctors. Instead of having an external administrator to do this function, we decided that doctors or the default administrator could register their colleagues.  

- **Consult recordings of a patient:** used to access the recorded signals of one of your patients. The name of the signals will be displayed, depending on the option selected, grouped by ECG signals, EMG signals or all of them will be displayed. 

- **Update Diagnosis and/or Allergies of a patient:** in case your patient presents new symptoms, responds to a treatment as expected (or not), or reports some inconvenience (i.e. allergy reaction to some electrode components), you may have to update the information of this patient in order to improve the control of the disease and adjust the treatment. 

- **Delete patient:** used to eliminate patients from the database in case the patient will no longer use TSApp or personal information introduced is not correct. 

Before consulting any information about your patients, a list including the name, surname and medical card number of all your patients can be displayed by selecting the option **“Show Patients”**. In order to select the patient whose information you want to consult, you may introduce his/her medical card number and press **“Select Patient”**. 

